WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en
[Music]
next into the tank is an innovation for
a common household
tool hello sharks my name is Evan Dobson
founder of wisp Industries and I want to
introduce you to the Wisp a
revolutionary floor cleaning system
that's in the process of disrupting a
category that hasn't changed in
centuries sweeping we have literally
re-engineered the Brom and the dustpan
from the bristles up making for a more
efficient and unique action We call
wisping we all know what it's like to
use an old broom and a dust pan it
requires two hands in a side by side
motion to use the pan you got to bend
down it's true it's pain putting strain
on your back and your knees and we all
know what it takes to get that last
pesky line of debris well no
more the Wisp is intentionally
lightweight to be used with one hand in
a pulling motion the bristles are short
dense and 90Â° to the floor to create a
perfect seal to that surface the
patented whis pan is amazing it
literally allows you to apply pressure
with your foot simply step on the back
here and see how that creates that
perfect seal allowing you to easily
bring in that debris effortlessly that's
smart on the side of the pan are Combs
that allow you to clean that bristle wow
the evolution of sweep keeping is
wisping that's why we're seeking
$500,000 for 10% of the company so come
on sharks lot ofis who wants to join
team whisp right now and make sweeping
changes all across the world have you
sold any of these things yes we sold
over 100,000 units today we've done over
3.3 million in sales lifetime wow is any
of this protected or all of it
everything you look at has a design
patent and Utility Patent as well so
what was your profit last year did not
have a profit last year we had a loss
due to two very significant events where
it Aid into our margin we were on a
couple shows where we had to do Revenue
share there was an inherent marketing
cost to reach that many eyeballs so you
offer your product at half price it's
50% off to the customer so basically if
you have a 50% markup on your product
you make no money but you get a lot of
eyes on your product we sold 20,000
units in 4 hours but at no profit very
little but what about the rest of the
year what was your sales last year 1.43
and you made no money on that we lost
600,000 go lost how' you do that that's
hard to do there was a lot of decisions
that I made and I take full
responsibility for it I had many people
that were on um a consistent kind of
compensation schedules and I learned
that that was when times were lean that
that was a bad decision on my half and
I've made those changes like sales reps
and distributor type things yeah and
people that market Ean how much have you
invested and how much have you raised
I've raised uh close $2.5 million over 6
years the golf doing this 6 years wow so
we don't even know what does one cost
and what does it cost to make the
configuration you're looking at right
here cost
$29.95 and our cost of goods in 17 were
$8.50 so the problem is you're competing
with an $8.99 broom yes and how much do
you have in inventory there we have
about
$300,000 why did you buy so much
inventory in 2016 we went viral to over
110 million views and we sold out like
that so instantaneously I went we need
more inventory we brought it in CAU up
because it took time all of our search
and exposure started dissipating and we
had to start that back up again so we
did another event and we keep doing this
roller coaster what we're looking at
with your help would be to bring in a
more consistent economical way to create
a supply chain and then really go after
what we believe is our online
Edge okay so what are you cumulative
losses since the beginning of inception
like what how much have you lost in
these years total we raised 2.5 is that
mean you've lost 2.5 you have any money
left we have about
$50,000 okay so you have $50,000 in the
bank $300,000 in inventory some IP but
but effectively you're down $2 million
more 2.1 million in the
whole all sharks are still in but
they've discovered that eban is over $2
million in debt for his broom business
wisp effectively you're down $2 million
more 2.1 million in the hole well I
don't believe I'm doing a really good
job of painting the exact picture
because um we we know that the products
will sell and what I'm here for is to is
to I've made mistakes and I I think you
get a a for effort and a f for execution
and I think you know that and so for
those Reasons I'm
out look the product clearly works I
mean that's the Intriguing part but in
year after year after year you've made
made no money that's very depressing and
so the question is do you need adult
supervision so that you get focused on
one thing cuz there must be somebody
that wants a broom that works it's just
how do you find them it's why I'm here
it's why I'm here because I've been
punched for three plus years and and um
I've been working off instinct to go uh
and optimize um cost of goods but where
did you raise a 2.5 million from well
from U my network uh and nobody has come
in since then saying what the hell's
going on well um let me take over let me
give you some I never raised enough
money to really drive the business I
always did it Project based and it's
been a long time coming we did a
2.5 million do each one of us started
hundred million plus businesses with
thousands of dollars look we all make
mistakes as entrepreneurs but I just
really don't think you have your act
together on this for those Reasons I'm
out okay so sorry about that eban I have
this Theory when you're first starting a
business make it sell it make it sell it
I feel like you spend a lot more money
maybe than you needed to and I would
take a hard look at that one of the
things that I say to people is as soon
as you can afford to hire your
weaknesses your contribution to this
feels like it should be more in the
product side MH and I would encourage
you to get support on the Marketing
sales side so that you can really focus
on the part of the business that I can
feel is your strength okay and I like
your product I'm going to buy your
product actually but I'm not going to
invest in your company today so I'm out
thank you Innovation requires education
Evan it's a great product it needs to be
demonstrated it's been a very Rocky Road
you certainly need a partner to be your
mirror image and do all the things you
don't do well you have some weaknesses
in executional skills when it comes to
business not everybody does it well
that's why they partner mhm you
desperately need a partner someone with
executional skills and certain
disciplines about how money is
spent that person's Mr Wonderful so if
you want
$500,000 I'll do it but I want 50% not
51 50 cuz that's a lot of money I don't
like losing $500,000 I don't do that
ever do you have debt on the company too
very little comparatively how much
250,000 oh I knew that was going this
story gets
longer well I don't I don't know if you
can sell me 50% of the company who owns
it well I have a I have a 22 investors
wow that have been through 22 Yeah it's
been a long road of oh I feel like I'm
at of wake honestly I don't think I've
ever sat here where I felt like
something took my breath away oh my
goodness I mean I just was like w it's
like a punch to the gut you have so much
debt and you've lost so much money what
are you going to do how do you recommend
I get out of thiss and fight for it I
mean there's got to be a chance you need
somebody who who's a just a killer
salesperson you know I I've had every
opportunity to quit from all of the
things that we're talking about but I
believe in it so strongly and I'm so
passionate I own a basketball team and
I'm smart hard enough not to put myself
on the court I can't wrap my arms around
so much debt it's so bad if you can get
Kevin to invest all the money I will
help him and you to sell it you put up
the money I'll do the Sal you want to
put up 250,000 no you put up the money
call you later after I my sleeves and
I'll do the Sal that's something we can
deal with later look Evan I'll put up
the $500,000 but one way or another I'm
ending up as a 50/50 partner now if
you're 22 investors don't like that
outcome they don't like it because
they're not here but you are so I'm
going to make you that offer if you're
willing to accept it let's go to work
there's a lot of he's not interested in
doing anything to bring me in to help
you sell it l i can discuss that later
she's out okay look maybe we'll work
with Lori later but right now you need
$500,000 she's not willing to put up a
scent I am I'll put up the 500,000 but I
got to end up with 50% yes or no Evan
what do you want to do but why wouldn't
you not want to include I might but
she's not putting up any money right now
so I'm not worried about it I think you
need
me Evan if you want to do a deal with
Lori do a deal with Lori she has no
money for this deal what do you want to
do this is your moment yes or
no okay we'll do it wow here you go wow
but but but wa what did I hear a butt
but wait there's more I'll lose her
number remember he did not include me so
now you
I know her number I can call her anytime
I want her if I need her and she'll come
run maybe maybe
not well do you have anything that we
could you could add I really I'm out get
out of there I'm gone I'm an investor
okay I had the 500 it was in your hand
and you're talking to her you're out of
here see you buddy goodbye take the bye
Evan Kevin's offer was amazing but I
don't believe that I had the ability to
make that decision that quickly that
could have gone better but the truth of
the matter is is that I'm not going
anywhere the Wisp is still going to be
available now he's made three mistakes
to the next potential inv that was too
tough are you out of your mind that was
too tough for that man I'm going up
there to shake his hand and he's still
talking you know why too mean I feel
terrible no he's not a businessman wait
wait let me
cry for