WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en
next up is sorry based inventor Jack
Honora who's hoping his creation could
become a family favorite I've got a
great product I wouldn't have gone
through this whole slog to get if I
didn't believe that whether the Dragons
see that we have to wait and see this is
a huge deal for me today with one the
Dragons help the sky's the limit
[Music]
hello I'm Jack and this is tricks 104 a
50,000 pound investment in return for a
20% share in the UK rights to the game
which is perfectly simple and perfectly
fun describe three words with only one
so the way it works you lay out nine
cards and one player thinks of a clue to
describe three so if I said here for
example spaghetti can you find the one
card of each color that I'm describing
Italy eat cook perfect that's the
essence of the game did I just win you
did yes so I launched the game in 2013
I've thought about 4,000 copies so far I
appreciate those on huge numbers but
that's just me selling at market school
fairs that kind of thing no advertising
no marketing budget whatsoever so I've
sold the international rights for a
guaranteed minimum of 75 thousand
dollars but I've kept the UK right so I
want to push the game forward here
myself and that's why I'm here today so
enough talk let's play
inventor Jack Honora hands out his
product and offers to hand over 20% of
his word game business in return for a
50,000 pound investment from the Dragons
so each round nine new cards one player
thinks of a clue other players trying
guess so there I could say treasure
pirate find Island perfect again one
again yes so that's how it works
Deborah Medan may be on a winning streak
but Peter Jones is first to impart some
words of dragon wisdom okay I think that
you'd get bored very quickly after
playing it once or twice no I've been
doing this for three years I've seen the
reaction of people I also see different
demographics so on the whole women get
it quicker than men and actually if
there's ever a demographic of the person
who's most hostile to it it'd actually
be yourself men of a certain age who
come and look at it and think and think
and I think I'm under pressure I'm not
saying you're saying a younger
generation of middle-aged men one saying
don't you get it
I think that's an absolute load of
nonsense well that's your opinion no
it's not my opinion I think that's just
not what it is because I've been doing
this for three years but you've been by
order three years and we've sold four
thousand game yes because it's all but
it's all about getting it out there you
haven't got it out there no I haven't
that's why I'm here this is not so much
of a pitch it's like an argument you'd
have done the pub I'm trying to answer
the questions I'm saying what I honestly
think and what I found from my three
years doing it but the thing is that you
spent three is doing it and you've not
really done a lot even the way that
you've positioned your product doesn't
sell itself tricks that could be a magic
box it could be it doesn't say what it
does on the tin Bertrand Russell said
anything that couldn't be fit in a
nutshell should stay there who said that
Bertrand Russell who's that philosopher
doesn t matter who said it what matters
is what you're saying and that means
that things that are super super simple
might appeal instantly it might seem
great but actually there's not much
behind it you know get this kind of
cliche of the eccentric inventor and
that's a bit borne out in the in the
games industry okay well I don't want to
tarnish - Jack no I don't need to finish
the story sorry and I'm sorry to be
really candid and rude but it's I think
we've got off on the wrong foot a rare
event in the den as Peter Jones calls a
truce after a fractious opening exchange
with the entrepreneur Deborah Medan is
next to take up the question battle
Jack you're ugly spikey I I do I've
Denny apologizes that so come because
that's not how he wants me having this
conversation because it's actually a
good fun game but I can tell you now
pieces bang on tricks is the wrong name
for this you're confused there consumer
that it's something to do with magic
you've got to call it something that
relates to the game itself
maybe people find it hard to engage with
well they don't know what it is and
you've got to tell them and what they're
about to play deborah Medan delivers
another damning assessment of the word
games name now touka Sulaiman wants to
shift the focus from names to numbers
you've so four thousand in four years so
a thousand six a year about twenty a
week okay approximately what do they
sell from is ten pound retail ten pounds
you're doing two hundred pounds a week
turnover
so what does it cost you in petrol in
mobile phone in whatever to run your
business well that's the one I haven't
put a lot of money into it because I'm
gonna put money into it I'm talking
about what it costs you to live why
didn't the people that bought in special
rights come and help you fund that
business cuz if you're successful
they're successful have you approached
them pretty finance know like publishing
if someone publishes a book in one
country they're not going to help the
other company publish it in their own
country I'm on my own
news that the owner of the games
international rights hasn't also chosen
to invest has flummoxed touka Salomon
and Peter Jones is wondering why the
global deal was ever broken in the first
place you've sold the international
rights for $75,000 why did you do that
if this is such a big opportunity if
your home not 35 for a guaranteed
minimum of 75 thousand a year no no no
not over here that's over ten years how
many countries are there in the world I
don't know what's the population of the
world something like six billion and you
sold the rights to that for 75 thousand
US dollars no I said again for
guaranteed minimum of 75 thousand but
how much have you received since so I
get at the advance I've gone for that
which was about three thousand dollars
and this person or company that you've
done it with are they likely to stay in
business for that ten years to be able
to pay you the money or have you done is
really over so I'm not gonna name names
of my partner's at this stage I think
that sort of unfair to talk about them
well no no I hunk it's very fair cuz
your are coming here asking for
investment in your business on you yes I
am so I'd like to know how well they're
doing mm-hmm how well are they doing
um it's early days I've only had it out
for about a year now so that's quite a
lot of times now
how have they done they haven't sold as
many as I would have hoped how many have
they sold I don't know that the exact
figure actually of that I think it's
something like six thousand but I'm
looking at the bigger picture well I'm
looking at the real picture and what
you're telling me is the fact that after
twelve months is that it hasn't sold
yeah that doesn't bode well for an
investor like me
an entrepreneur entering the den having
already handed over the global rights to
his product can be an entrepreneur
walking into trouble and Jenny Campbell
wants to find out if Jack is willing to
take on board the Dragons advice jack
when you leave the den today with or
without money are you going to change
the name of the game I don't think about
it oh okay okay
it looks like a box of shortbread to me
it needs to be changed you're not really
taking on board the feedback today in my
view and I don't see you as an
investable entrepreneur I'm afraid for
me the game's up I'm not investing and
therefore the one word is out I'm out
Jenny Campbell plays the inventor at his
own game and becomes the first dragon to
walk away from a deal
and now touka Suleyman appears ready to
state his position what I'm going to
invest I look at the entrepreneur and
say first of all easy investable could I
work with him but I find you very
complacent just a lot of excuses so I'm
not going to invest I'm out
I'm not sure I agree with touka on those
things but I do get to a similar end
result I think you get wrapped up inside
your business not quite understanding
why everybody else doesn't get quite so
confused about it all as you are for me
it's not an investment and I'm not sure
you'd even enjoy having me as an
investor alongside because we'd be
pulling in different directions so I'm
sorry jack but I won't be investing I'm
out you only have s could I come back on
a few points no concentrate on your
potential investors
Jack you've been given feedback on the
product the least you should do is take
it on board
I mean I'm absolutely I would absolutely
work with you I would sit down I'm fully
aware that I think I'm a good inventor
I'm fully aware that I have a load to
learn in terms of business
Jack if I invested in you I'd have to be
there every day trying to help you and
trying to tell you what to do and it
take too much of my time so no tricks no
games I'm out days Levani becomes the
fourth dragon to decline the chance to
take the board game into the boardroom
only one dragon now remains but after
two prickly exchanges already will it be
third time lucky for the entrepreneur I
really don't like the game actually
doesn't say what it does on the tin I
don't actually like playing it and
looking inside the box with the contents
I think it's too small I just don't like
it
I can't invest in that so I'm going to
say that I'm out thank you
good luck Jack good luck Peter Jones has
the final word on the game and the
entrepreneur leaves the den without the
50,000 pounds he was asking for I'm not
a natural businessperson that's not
something I think I should work on they
didn't believe in the product but I do
think they've missed a trick
you