WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en
[Applause]
okay my name is Alex Hall I'm the
founder of the Big O were looking for a
hundred and fifty thousand pounds worth
of investment for a 15% stake in our
company
about three and a half years ago I saw a
niche in the market for a pre packed
marinated delicatessen style Olive to
put alongside Chris and peanuts for the
pub bar market we wanted to build an
olive brand as KP is to peanuts Walker's
is to crisps we wanted to be the Big O
his to olives and had it not been for
major teething problems with our Spanish
suppliers would be well on our way to
achieving that our business plan
numbers-wise
our plan wants to deliver 4.5 million
turnover within three years and that's
actually incredibly conservative alex is
looking for a hundred and fifty thousand
pounds and is prepared to give away
fifteen percent of her company Dragon's
Den rules dictate she must get at least
what she asks for or she won't get a
penny so tell me how have you funded get
into this stage well I've got a business
brain you know I'm always thinking of
ideas and I got a prototype pot made for
nothing and said I want olives in here
with a six month shelf life who designed
the tree me you design the tree so you
own the rights to that tree yeah all
these designs been registered and
trademark yes the pole and dispenser is
patented
with the packaging finished and the
patents in place the business seems
promising a new dragon Theo Paphitis is
clearly enjoying the taste of the
product
Doug Richard though wants to know more
about the market for the Big O did I
understand that you the your inspiration
for the product and the way its
designing the packaging and the ease of
use it you said you wanted to be right
next to the other sort of snacks that
one gets when they buy inspiration was
the poppin bar market so can you just
talk me through what evidence you
currently have what level of success
you've had in reaching that pub in bar
mark right well yes I mean I can the
phone rings all day and we don't have
any products Elsa that's a lovely
anecdote but I was actually looking for
a little more sort of substance than
that no well you'll get more substance
basically I don't know what you want to
know big names I'm just looking to know
that your product is actually being used
by a customer that they like and that
there's some sort of evidence to support
that
yes straightforward question well I can
yes I mean it is straightforward
although our sales don't reflect what
the company could do because we've had
inconsistent suppliers tell us so many
many of these one pop sales in a week
sorry I can't answer that question so
directly because it's so different you
know you might get your country village
pub that's selling one every three days
right but you might get your busy city
pub that will be selling 48 in a day
it varies I mean Ian's average Ramona
these is one point we terrors 101 one a
day
alex has finally given the Dragons an
arm sir but it's not the one they were
looking for the Big O may look good but
it's slow sales have astonished the
Dragons and the business looks fragile
in spite of her resistance Theo Paphitis
is determined to find out how these
sales translate into revenue Alex when
did you start supplying bars November
2003 right 2003 and what's been the
turnover or sales so far I can answer
that question but I don't think it's
that relevant because we've had very
inconsistent supplies absolutely why
because I want to know what you sell
since November 2003 I'm sorry but that
what that the relevance of that I mean
if we had had continual supply you
didn't have that you actually didn't and
we haven't been able to get our hands on
how much turnover have you done in that
time we have 1200 customers unlimited
limited limited Alex please answer the
question I'm sorry I'm not going to
answer that question because it's not
relevant it's not relevant it is to me
if you don't answer my question then I'm
out I'm out
Alexes defensive behavior has cost her
the interest of Theo Paphitis and it's
not endearing her to the rest of the
Dragons either Duncan Bannatyne wants
some straight answers Alex tell me
exactly what is a problem you had with
your Spanish supplier at explaining have
you ever dealt with the Spanish never
right
well there's any one Spanish here
dishonesty might be number one key key
number one well they'd say things or put
something in the product that shouldn't
be in the product and wouldn't let us
know so wouldn't be on the label and it
was just totally dishonest Alex is on a
collision course
she needs a hundred and fifty thousand
pounds but her sweeping statements about
the Spanish could push Doug Richard over
the edge you really caught me off guard
when you maligned an entire nation
because one supplier you really it makes
you sound like a you're a wild gun
telling me that all of the Spanish our
designers have you ever dealt with the
Spanish um yes I've dealt with honest
Spanish and just some especially if
that's the kind of comment you're
willing to make god only knows what else
we'll say and so I lose some faith in
your judgment okay there so I won't be
invested
Doug richard is out and things are about
to get worse at least if you look deep
deep down inside yourself you know this
product doesn't sell and that's your
problem
so really you haven't got a production
problem that's not the problem
it is you can't buy enough okay okay
okay
I just you know I like she just won't
listen to anybody I just don't think you
know why you're giving ears and ammo
Alex has now lost the interest of three
dragons but she's still refusing to
acknowledge their concerns only Rachael
Eleanor and Peter Jones are left and her
bid for the one hundred and fifty
thousand pound investment is on the
verge of collapse
I'm Peter I'm sitting here and I'm
absolutely baffled I think it's firstly
one of the worst pitches I've seen today
you've mentioned that you've got a
business brain I've yet to see any
inclination that you actually know what
you're doing so the biggest problem that
I've got is I'm now focusing on somebody
that actually I don't want to invest in
regardless of how good this is
so you've completely lost me you've lost
my interest and I'm also out
Rachel L Norah's Alex's last hope you've
come across this incredibly hard work
and this is your pitch
we are selling yourself and your olive
products and your business concept to us
the business is about problems and
actually one of the biggest tests of a
successful entrepreneurs whether you can
successfully get over those hurdles or
whether they which we defeat you which
we're doing well it's two-and-a-half
years down the line you've got through
all of your cash and all you can say is
really it's it's the suppliers fault
that you haven't created a successful
business now actually I quite like the
product and I personally like olives a
lot and I can see there's a gap in the
market whether you can actually make it
work or not it's quite another matter
and that's where I would have the
problem in investing so it's not one for
me so I'm out
[Music]
alex has been demolished by the Dragons
who found that her defensive manner and
refusal to divulge the basic details of
her business made it impossible for them
to invest ago said that is an example of
how not to get an investment it could be
a good product it was irrelevant because
she was such so so egotistical anybody
who is feels comfortable asking whether
anybody hears Spanish so she can feel
free to slag off an entire nation it is
the moat it is reprehensible behavior if
she behaves like that she will do other
things later that are equally wrong Alex
a difficult one that was quite tricky
far too arrogant I am
I mean you simply refuse to give them
the information they're asking for and
that wise it's not that relevant to give
that information because it doesn't
reflect it doesn't reflect the business
from their point of view that if they
ask a question and you know the answer
the fact is that the product works we've
proven that it works that's it
you