SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en
originally from Manchester our next
entrepreneur Joanne book has been living
in bond Kron accounted on Eagle for nine
years she's hoping to gain traction in
the competitive snack market with her
frozen grape candy phrase ins are
actually frozen and 100% natural some
people asked what was in the products
and when you tell them nothing they were
kind of surprised consumers especially
parents or especially myself I was
looking to find purity and nutrition for
my son and I know that a lot of parents
feel the same way and it'd be great if
you could be able to pick up more of
that in the shops and especially at the
cinemas because now there isn't an
alternative theory so hello dragons my
name is Joanne become my business
produces phrases today I'm looking for
an investor offering sixty thousand euro
for 30% at my business raisins are made
up of 100% natural frozen fruit snacks
and grape candy which is the first of my
product range is made up of a particular
variety and quality of red seedless
grapes
I conducted a wealth of research and it
was very clear to see that consumers are
increasingly looking for nutrition and
purity from the food for themselves as
well as their families as well as
looking at managing their busy lives on
the go I established phrasings in my
home eben Khurana of Cannes Donegal and
I first was delighted to bring frozen's
to market with Brunswick movie bowl in
Derry since then we have been selling
phrasings in over 30 shops as well as
four cinemas nationally as well as
developing marketing channels and
distribution channels I feel we can
scale phrases into a global brand
Joanne believes phrase ins offer a
healthy and nutritious alternative to
cinema goers and people on the move Wood
will the Dragons see the potential in a
bag of frozen grapes oh that's
refreshing isn't
do you think you could come back in half
an hour so Joanne I think I know the
recipe for these you've got some grapes
and you put them in the freezer that's
correct yes so like for the whole market
it's kind of a tough sell isn't it
because you know even I could make
something similar to your product might
not be the right variety of grapes you
can definitely go to a supermarket and
pick up a Punnett of grapes and wash
them yourself and put them in the
freezer however you can go into your
kitchen pour yourself a glass of water
in the same way that you can go to the
shop and buy yourself bottled water so
that in that sense it's like the
convenience it's the convenience and the
fact that there's no usually very little
alternatives and because raisins are
frozen they don't tend to go off as fast
to say over fruits and vegetables
perhaps may do I think you make a good
point too and like in in the u.s. most
of the fridges make their own ice but
people still go and buy big bags of ice
yeah in the supermarket so yeah I think
that's a good point
what price that they're selling for
themselves a snack packet is selling for
2 euro 30 or 2 euro 50 depending on
where you purchased and for the large
packets you say it's 3 euro and 3 euro
50
[Music]
what sort of sales have you done in the
movie bill in dari
I don't want to give those kind of
figures out but I can give you a
collective figure so you if you want to
help yourself you have to help us
understand okay I can give you a
collective figure for sales for the four
cinemas of this month and for those four
cinemas my turnover is on four two
thousand two hundred euro and that's not
including what I could have done if I
wasn't preparing for the den so over the
12-month period that's equivalent to
twenty six thousand six hundred euro
which if I increase my son as cinemas by
an extra twelve cinemates to make a
total of sixteen cinemas that means that
gets to my turn over one hundred and six
thousand euro not including the shops
either okay thank you thank you Joanne I
like the packaging although it to me
looks very female is is the target
audience here women no and the target
audience is from one to a hundred and
one for anybody yeah I wouldn't see no
packaging wise now it sort of it looks
it looks very female positioned yeah
yeah the cinemas will have freezers for
ice cream which is ideal yeah
in the I suppose the news agents and the
general shops that would sell snacks
their freezers tend to be maybe away
from the counter and which would contain
other people's our brands namely ice
cream there's been many a court case
about who owns those fridges and who's
allowed go into those fridges so it's
kind of a difficult one to launch a
frozen background in the snack category
on its own and
and not owning the fridges the freezers
have how do you intend to go about that
well the way I have gone about it so far
is them I've left it down to the shop to
decide what freezer to put it in often
they've discussed with the people that
distribute their current snacks in that
freezer and they've allowed some space
or they haven't and they've put it in a
alternative freezer so that's how so far
okay how many calories in this size bag
um so for the 100 grams bag there I
can't remember off the top of my head I
mean I can't remember I'm a smaller 17:1
I think very 71 do you want just
wondering about the impulse factor
because it's snack is all about impulse
and I'm thinking of all the coffee shops
and you know the insomnia isn't that way
where did but they don't have freezers
they've chilled units but not freezers
yeah I've been speaking with people that
can provide units and have them branded
but you'd have to put in a mini freezer
yeah for coffee shop they there's them
116 metre counter top freezer it sits on
top of counter yes yeah definitely okay
and roughly how big is it do you know
I'm it's three shelves okay there
wouldn't be a huge amount of space on
any of the Insomnia's our Costa coffees
there I go in - Amon has exposed a
potential problem in the phrase ins plan
Joanne is looking for sixty thousand
euro for a 30% share could this be the
next trend and healthy snacking or is
the challenge of keeping the grapes
frozen too risky for the Dragons Joanne
I I just can't see it as a viable
proposition from an investor point of
view I think you'd probably make a good
living yourself so I wish you well with
that but for that reason I'm out okay
thank you very much
I admire the fact that you've taken on
one of the toughest categories and food
which is snacking it's one of the most
competitive and some of the biggest
brands in the world are competing on a
daily basis in this area I questioned on
the consumer side whether you're really
going to gain a position in those
freezers that you'll be allowed keep I
suspect the competitors will simply
remove your product or or I refuse to
allow you in the first place widget
which is a major structural problem for
me on the consumer side yeah but you
have gained a toehold in the cinema
market and that is incredibly lucrative
so from the financial piece I'm I'm out
but I would urge you to go for the
cinema market great thank you very much
for your voice thank you
Joanne you know the problem I have is
that if you think about the whole market
I think you either have grapes on the
table or if you want to freeze them you
can freeze them yourself it doesn't
really work for the school lunch box
market either because if you put them in
frozen by the time lunch time comes
they're thawed and that kind of novelty
piece has gone away so with such a big
part of the market excluded that you
can't address it doesn't make sense to
me okay it's your honor the I suppose
the snack market is so much of an impost
market and you know I could see you know
some of the coffee shops and that
lunchtime opportunity and so many people
are eating out now and you're excluded
from all of that
you're now limited to a cinema market
which I don't know if the cinemas will
still be around in 20 years with
everybody watching Netflix so I'm out
okay thank you
Joanne I got a pass on this investment
but it's just a general comment about
the excellent food presentations we've
had on this series they've been
excellent in the science of the
ingredients the process etc and very
little talk about just the great taste
was one of the most refreshing snacks
I've had but you have to sell this when
you come into the den as well I'm not
just saying you
but as I said it's something I'm going
to pass on and say I might okay well
thank you for you telling you thank you
very much the thing that struck me and
the Dan is the confidence of the young
people coming forward with business
ideas and I think it's great because as
as a country that's what will make is
good
if people have the confidence to start I
do feel it's definitely a viable
business I've been working on it for the
last year and I know how the sales will
projects for this coming year and how
they're doing at the moment so I've just
got to keep working on that
concentrating on there and we'll get
there
you
```