SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
hi sharks my name is Rosa I'm from San
Francisco California
growing up as a little girl in China
grandma taught me the philosophy of food
as medicine from an early age she always
threw these healing tonics with a
symphony of wild herbs and Botanicals
that were great for my health
wonders for me soothing my stomach and
lifting my spirit
fast forward to grant me I worked a lot
of stressful jobs and started to feel
the effect on my body
mostly in my gut
so I returned to Grandma's homemade
tonics and sharks I became a True
Believer in gut health and had to share
her wisdom with the world and that's
when I brought up wild Wonder a
sparkling drink that reimagines the
healing tonics of my Heritage by
combining herbal wisdom with Whimsical
flavors our drinks have all the guts
supporting superfoods your body craves
50 less sugar than kombucha and best of
all it's the first drink that combines
both probiotics and prebiotics why
because butter gut health should be as
easy as popping over a can
sip our strawberry passion for a
perfectly sweet and tart refresher dip
into our dreamy pink Drink guava Rose
for both floral and fruity try our Peach
Ginger that gives you all the peachy
Vibes with a zesty kick or indulge your
senses with mango gold for a tropical
and refreshing taste sharks food is my
love language and I don't believe in
giving up taste for health I am seeking
five hundred thousand dollars for five
percent of the gut supporting and immune
boosting super drink so who's ready to
put a modern Twist on Asian wisdom and
join me in drinking our way to butter
gut health
sharks in front of you are wild Wonder
drinks to sip on and enjoy
refresh Brew all the herbs and
Botanicals and pair that with fruit I
just drank the guava Rose which tasted
to me like rose water with a little bit
of bitterness right but we're talking
probiotics yep every can has five grams
of Prebiotic fiber that's unusual in a
drink we're a more holistic way to
approach gut health most come
kombucha drinking vinegar first of all
they have that really acquired fermented
taste and that's not serving the average
customer I agree with that we're here to
really expand the market with no
fermented taste and healthy alternatives
of soda as well so as you can notice
every can has 35 calories only 90 less
sugar than soda and 50 less sugar than
kombucha and there's nothing artificial
in it everything is organic certified as
well it's very clean ingredients Rosa
didn't we go to school together yeah we
did thank you for remembering tell me
your background a bit more so um yes we
both went to business school not the
same class so let me tell you a little
more about my personal background I grew
up in China my grandparents actually
raised me for the first 12 years of my
life Wow while my parents immigrated to
the US I came to the states at age 12
with zero knowledge of the English
language within three years I joined my
high school's debate team so then I was
the only sophomore from my college to
secure a finance internship from Golden
State socks in their New York
headquarters after I graduated I worked
in product Equity inventory investing so
I know a lot about scaling businesses
with capital efficiency and making a
return on your dollar I launched Walt
Wonder in 2020 I actually had large POS
going out to offices like Facebook and
Google and covet happened so that
actually wiped out my entire Revenue
stream it was really hard time but I
basically got to work within three
months I knocked down 200 grocery store
doors got my website up and running and
by the end of year one I was carried by
over a hundred stores including our
regional Whole Foods wow good for you
I'm always fascinated when someone comes
in a shark tank with a beverage deal
with an evaluation of 10 million bucks
because I know how hard it is to get
distribution and 100 stores with all due
respect is nothing in terms of what you
have to achieve but that was last year
right that was 2020. they have now how
many stores so years today we've
generated over 1.4 in Revenue we're at a
run rate of 2.5 million right now we
also have some really exciting launches
coming up in the next 30 days so are you
going to make any money this year at
this scale we're not net profitable
food and beverage is a gross margin game
I'm very focused on increasing our
world's margins Rosa what do you sell
them for and what does it cost you to
make them it costs 90 cents to make I
retail for 3.49 and within a year's time
we can get that cost down to 70 cents
how much money have you put into the
business um raised last year 2.1 million
that's all you've raised so far so we
also have investors plenty of money
right now an evaluation of these raises
last year we raised on a safe it's a
pre-money safe
why are you your story is incredible the
product's fantastic one of the best I
must say I've ever tried the tank but at
five percent I don't even get out of bed
for five percent for me I'm out
sorry to hear that for me the risk isn't
matching the reward I think you're in a
very very very big market so I'm sorry
I'm out sorry to hear that I can't stand
kombucha I can drink this all day long
and the utility of it right with the
fiber and drinkability which one is it
that I just drank the whole thing of the
strawberry passion yeah I'll order it it
was really really good but the amount of
money that you're going to have to
continue to raise entrepreneurs tend to
kind of try to find an equilibrium of
how much they want to keep versus how
much they can raise yeah and it's very
very difficult it makes it for a small
investor just five percent
it makes it really really hard for us to
participate in all the upside so for
those reasons amounts thank you Mark
you're welcome I think your product
presents as well as you did today
Flawless really I know you invested you
invest in some beverages I do there
could be some synergies Barbara listen
the first time I cried when I lost the
money the second time I put in more
money to follow my bad money it's almost
that too and then I wrote a note to my
attorney
signed it had it notarized saying kill
me if I ever go into another beverage
company and I'm afraid he would kill me
actually I'm out thank you well Tony
I do think like some of the other sharks
I think this is a category where you
kind of have to achieve a minimum scale
before it actually has a chance yeah
your ass was 500 000 at five percent
yeah my my counter to you is the 500 000
and 9 and that's my final offer you know
I'm not a beverage guy but I do
understand scaling Capital efficient
businesses in a very sequential way to
have a chance at that success and I
think that's what you need um so the
last round we raised on pre-money save
so six million cap
I'm happy to meet you somewhere just so
that I don't go under that
would you be able to do 500 000
six percent but I'll give you a three
percent advisory shares just so it
doesn't hurt my my valuation as much but
you'll get the same amount
done all right guys awesome oh my gosh
congrats Rosa
this is validation for my product and
for my company I worked really hard to
get well I wanted to where it is today
we've gone through a lot of challenges
and
[Music]
clear that Tony really appreciates that
and he believes in me and he believes in
the company so we're going to take it to
the next level
```