```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
hey sharks my name is Nathan day
and I'm from Gilbert Arizona my company
is lug buug the most convenient way to
carry a child seat I'm seeking $300,000
in exchange for 10% of my company I'm
going to need some help to demo this
Robert you just had twins why don't you
come up here and give me a hand I am an
expert come on you dad go get him Robert
pick up the dumbbell in one hand for
me all right yeah very strong love it
now hang it down by your side how you'd
normally carry the dumbbell now do you
see how the weight hangs naturally a
side with this Palm facing in I want you
to pick up the car seat in your other
hand look how awkward that is it's not a
natural way to carry weight nor is it
good for your arm or your shoulder in
fact nearly half of all parents
experience shoulder back and neck pain
due to lugging around a baby carrier so
I did something about it I created lug
bug the most convenient way to carry a
child seat just click lug bug on your
handle here and if you need to adjust it
you simply press down rotate and let it
click into
place oh wow but you know what Robert to
get the true feel of this I thought we
might need a little bit more help so
come on out
guys a
oh
guys they're so
teeny Robert you're scaring that child
oh my
God guys I'd like to introduce you you
guys all know Kimmy of course I like to
introduce you to Hudson hi Mark hi
Barbara what's up
Hudson in this beautiful child is
Haven so let's try it out
okay yeah it is easier cuz you don't
know if you want to carry it like that
or correct this way it's definitely
better on the wrist does it add weight
it does add weight it's currently 12.6 o
okay just a little bit you don't really
notice that let me pass those out yeah
here we
go see you and you can take the
packaging too if you like can I see one
of those boxes as well thank you very
much you're welcome well built oh wow
thank you so much for joining us thank
you very much take the babies
away bye bye by thank you all right what
does it cost you Nathan did you ever
tell us the product retails for $39.99
uh first thing I did was file for a
patentability letter is just to see is
this product out there hasn't been done
before I have four issued in the US I
have six P utility or design utility I
have six pending worldwide okay this is
great but do you have any sales I I do
have sales I have a a cumulative 283,000
in sales I launch I hate that don't ever
tell me cumulative for how many years uh
that's 2016 17 and 18 so what were sales
last year 198,000 all online and why
does it cost you to make a unit the
handle itself manufactured overseas is
$431 with packaging duties and landed
I'm at $592 give me excited about the
retailers you've talked to that want to
bring it in and test it do you have a
Target or Walmart that wants to actually
put it in the store no
why not Target and Walmart would like to
try it out online how much have you
invested okay so over the years with the
patents I've put in
$750,000 what that's real money where
did you get the $750 Nathan um it's
personal uh personal Capital my yes it
is personal isn't it yeah what what did
all that money go into so tooling
manufacturing um
patents look Nathan I think it's a good
idea but your challenge is you haven't
quite figured out the way to Market it
in a way that people understand it kind
of says what it is but it really has to
be demonstrated I don't know that you
have an immediate answer for that so for
those Reasons I'm
out okay Robert are you buying two of
these no I'll tell you why I'm not
buying the product and I'll demonstrate
something for you Nathan I went to the
doctor with the twins the first time and
I was swinging the babies around and
doing it all badly and the doctor looked
at me and said you haven't done this for
a while have you he goes let me show you
an easier way to do it just do that just
carry it around like this oh that's
better you could do this a lot longer
than you can do this right but you could
do that a lot longer than you could do
the twist I tell you you're a great
salesman but let me tell you what is of
great uh concern to me it's your
judgment the idea that you could spend
$750,000 developing this product is
mindboggling to me you went and got all
these patents before you had sales what
could other the patents if you don't
have the sales as much as I like you I'm
out look does anybody really want this
product the patents intrigue me the
revenues
don't I'm out thank
you Nathan first of all I loved your
super hop model and the two
babies love that I admire how you got to
Market I completely disagree with Kevin
if you can get 200,000 in sales in 2
years on a $30 product that's a lot of
volume unit so I applaud you for that
thank you and still you won't buy it
well I accept people are buying it but
I'm carrying around baby seats all the
time I don't carry them long enough
where I would think I would need this if
I'm not going to buy the product I can't
buy the company I'm
out now it's all you Lori what are you
going to
do don't give him the Kumbaya you keep
going I'm not giving the Kumbaya tell
him the truth he needs the truth no I
listen it's a smart concept your only
play is to take this to a Babys seat
carrier and license it help me get there
I don't really think that you need my
help to do that I'm
out good luck thank Youk you good luck
```