```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
Fiasco gelato hello dragons my name is James
bocher and I'm the chief IDE officer and
CEO at Fiasco gelato we're here today to
ask for an investment of $500,000 for
10% equity in our
company but before we give you a taste
of Happiness I'd like to tell you a
little bit about the history of fiasco
as well as myself Fiasco actually
started in 2003 scooping off the back of
a vaspa in Calgary Alberta I've had it
before awesome since then we uh we've
done some amazing things in 2009 I
approached the owner of the company and
I told him that I love the company more
than he did CU I saw something greater
than just a few scoop shops in Calgary
uh with $1,800 in my bank account I took
over the Kensington location 7 years
later I'm standing here so do do you own
the whole business yourself absolutely
good for you since then we've grown our
brand uh into a pretty prolific brand in
in the Prairies Jake and Brad are going
to give you guys a little taste of uh
what we brought for you guys today got
our mango pineapple and raspberry lime
da free sorbetos Fiasco gelato and
sorbet are handmade in Calgary they sell
in cafes restaurants and in some retail
stores for about $10 a jar oh I love
that so fresh ingredients no artificial
colors a lot of our produce comes from
BC blueberry basil for yourself yes
thank
you little bit of the dark chocolate
caramel sea salt that's great very T
very good thank you excellent that's
cool I love the packaging and The
Branding thank you very much I don't
love the basil no
but I'm not sure I love the basil I
don't love the basil I think it's kind
of novelty novelty for sure this is good
okay so we like them all except the basa
perfect question is you know what are
your sales in 2013 we launched our
grocery retail product into retailers
across Alberta and uh the Prairies and
uh currently our company sits at around
3 million in sales how much money did
you make on $3 million of sales well
that's a great question actually um
profits were about 15% cost of goods is
40% including labor so profits this year
will be about 450 Grand wow good
James what do you need $500,000 for in
August of last year we took possession
of a 9,000 sare foot uh Factory which is
uh Willy Wonka meets Google so our
offices are on a mezanine above the
production area which is incased in
Glass cost around $2 million wow so our
our debt ratio is about 3 to1 we to took
a million to build it and and some of
our own cash I know to really do what we
need to do with this brand we need some
some serious cash flow
we've also identified some opportunities
on the packaging side every pint that
goes to a grocery storees 20 to 30,000
units a month is packed by hand wa yeah
so we can find some efficiencies there
that's key yeah absolutely
so expertise know how do you need a lot
of that or are you good on that and it's
mostly cash that you need yeah it's
mostly cash I so if all you are is
looking for a loan why not go to a
bank with our new build on the new
facility we are over a million there and
and part of what we've actually done in
uh we've put together a 20-year business
plan so three years pretty 20 year wow
wow Jim Jim will be particularly
interested in that by then my kids will
be ready to take
over he'll have me bought out by that
time in 20 years it's very difficult to
understand dynamics of Trends and
dynamics of even substitutional products
well we we did three years pretty rigid
like there was a lot 5 years really a
good test but after that it's fairy tale
friend well it's a good fairy tale I'll
tell you that
much James what's your full complete
debt what's your total debt right bucks
a million about a million yeah wow yeah
we own a lot of what we have I I I
wanted to make sure we didn't grow this
thing too fast in those initial years Mo
you did it right you did it right
whatever was in the account you made
some
moves I think Joe likes your product
yeah he's going
hard
delicious I'd like have it in a 400
restaurants that I know
of he's sucking in I'll an offer I'll
make you an offer for what you came for
okay thank you Jim that was fast that
was very fast great negotiating skills
there uh Jimmy you know I you really
it's impressive I can learn a thing get
money this this time this is why the
guys come here they come for money yeah
they come for money now it's a deal now
I dealing with deals that are real this
is like I'll go next I I I think that
you know with Jim being there and his
power behind this whole franchise in
restaurant industry so I'm not going to
do much better than that as far as my
skill set goes so I'm going to have to
go
well I think I think you got a great
business I think branding you've got it
nailed oh yeah if anything you want to
make sure you keep this Edge to yourself
and you don't get overly commercial mhm
and it sounds like you're getting sell
through which is very exciting so on
that basis I'll give you what you're
asking for thank you James I think
you've built a great business um for
yourself though I'm not um confident in
scaling this I think that it's great for
you because it's nich so I'm going to be
out um I'll give you a different deal I
uh I don't want to take a piece of your
company but I'll give you the money for
a royalty of
10% so it's a good offer because you get
to keep your company you get to to keep
the upside but you get the financing you
need and all my expertise comes with
that as
well Jim you've built an Empire we work
with fosa Pizzeria at Edmonton know how
big Boston Pizza's grow on Alberta roots
and wait a minute James he's not
interested in your 20-year plan he
doesn't want to have anything to do with
be surprised so you got three offers on
the
table all right well Jim I'd love to be
partners with you thanks very much app
be partners with you to do this for a
long time thanks I appreciate it thanks
awesome thanks see you have a great day
I wanted one of those for a long time
good dealo I think so too now you got
yourself a gelato company yeah I wanted
the gelato company cuz we can put it in
the stores the product his name
delicious product is
delicious
```
```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_2.txt
sibling entrepreneurs who hope to
ink a deal with the
dragons all right hey Dragons I'm Tyler
and I'm Braden we're brothers from
Toronto and we're the co-founders of
inkbox tattoos we're here seeking
$100,000 for 1.7% of our
company okay what you better repeat that
yes $100,000 for 1.7% of our company 1.7
yes not two not two 1.7 this is going to
be a tough challenge guys 1.7% wow wow
you know we're the kind of people who
wanted tattoos for a very long time but
the types of tattoos we were looking to
get were the kind we knew we wouldn't
want 30 years from now m that being said
we love the beauty the art the
self-expression that comes from wearing
tattoos so we set up to find a solution
after a bunch of research we came across
these tribes deep in the jungles of
Panama who had been tattooing their skin
with the pulp of this fruit for
thousands of years so we reached out to
a charity that worked with them imported
some of this raw fruit extract and use
it to create a completely new type of
tattoo the result is inkbox the world's
first twoe tattoo it's 100% organic and
gives you a look and feel of a real
tattoo without the commitment you can
see all the tattoos on the models here
mhm every Roy has one of our most
popular designs which we call the wolf
pack I got that and and then we have
Caitlyn here with a Lotus some finger
tads and palm tree in the back oh I like
that cute yeah so if we can have uh
Michelle come down we love to
test T first
tattoo okay we're doing an ankle today
yeah so uh the way it works is first you
would place on the desired location so
say it's right there y you would remove
the blue topper okay which would expose
I'm try not to touch that though touch
okay got it it will stain your fingers
touch we use this alcohol wipe just to
dab it quick which helps penetrate the
skin peel low and slow yeah and then in
24 hours it will appear oh 24 hours yeah
ah so time to get into your skin does it
and how long does it last two weeks two
weeks two weeks depends on where you put
it your activity your skin so this is
like in instead of getting married
you're dating yeah inkbox tattoos are
available in over 350 designs created by
Canadian artists they retail for $26 and
come exclusively in black pretty real
don't they do how long have you had that
one this one on my back yeah this one is
a couple days ago wow yeah and then this
one as well wow that's cool very cool
the packaging is fantastic and how are
your revenues around a million dollarars
yeah just sh million this year that's
really good one location all e-commerce
e-com all e-commerce we got a lot of
press mentions this year uh and a lot of
Word of Mouth exposure as well through
social media yeah one thing that really
surprised us with this business is we
started off trying to sell to we thought
that uh that we would be selling to
16-year-old girls in California for
example um but our our Market really was
actually a bit more mature than that the
over 50 audience is actually quite
strong for us uh which we didn't expect
so you've got a million dollar in
Revenue over the last 12 months and
you've got almost a $6 million valuation
yes because because uh we recently
closed a seed Rand of financing uh that
uh was oversubscribed and post
investment put our valuation at 5.8
million okay well how much did you raise
uh 1.3
million and why did you come here
offering
1.7% what was that about you know the
1.7% is what we think well the 100,000
is really more where we came at it from
uh 100,000 is what we thought was a a
nice was a decent number digestable
number
enough money that you would tie to
theany and allow you to provide the
value we' require from you and 100,000
it's just enough for you as well little
enough to diversify your portfolio a bit
but do you expect us to be really
interested for
1.7% um yes uh I think there's yeah well
I think there's less risk on your behalf
you are but no risk no reward we
understand that better than
anybody so what's your cost to produce
this then $6 you charge 26 for it it's
good margins so what is the ability for
someone to come in there analyze the ink
and recreate something along the same
kind of consistency uh first and
foremost we have provisional patents on
um the technology itself so we do think
that will provide us at least some
protection uh but you know patent still
can only go so far well I'm not going to
lie to you I'm not adverse to
risk I've done all my life however it is
repeatable you will find other products
that have similar characters but not not
maybe not last as long mhm so I'm going
to go out at this
point you say that guys I think this is
a fun little fad but I just don't think
it's going to be a long-term
Trend I'm
out so usually I get 2% as part of a
option package just for my advice you
know to have to pay for it I I'm not
sure I'm I'm down for that but I'll tell
you what we'll do and Michelle and I
have been talking we'll offer both of
our services we want a royalty until our
100,000 is paid back what's the royalty
at and we'll take a 4% royalty mhm and
then at the end when we get paid our
money back of 100,000 it'll just convert
into a 2% Equity slice okay just just to
confirm it has to be 1.7 not two um
doesn't have to be anything well no it
has to be because uh we don't want to
discredit our previous investors you
knew coming into the den you'd have to
negotiate oh we we'll negotiate on the
royalties um but the we don't want to so
in that case 5% and 1.7 there you go
perfect
okay okay yeah we still got Jim I think
I got a pretty good uh mileage going out
there in the across the country around
the North American continent you know be
careful what you ask for here CU they
are not going outside of
Toronto will you
please uh I'll give you what you came
for and
uh I'll have a 3%
rty and not only that you're dealing
with the that age group which could be
which could be very good quite lucrative
no no which could be very lucrative uh
these guys have to bring up the age
because they want the deal so bad so
yeah that's my offer I think the two of
us you know whatever you want to pick uh
we should probably discuss this yeah
you've got a room right behind you
thanks
he has a network a scale but like we
want the expertise in the retail
industry all right have you made a
decision we have made a
decision we're going to go with Michelle
and Joe's offer thank you very much
sorry Jim thank you very I'm looking
forward to
it my God Jo has to bring up my Mage
every time he go somewhere I didn't you
did no did he said I didn't say it's the
first time did oh the old guy on the
corner
there come on you're so
sensitive
```
```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_3.txt
entering the den next a
Niagara based lawyer who is confident he
will have the dragons drinking in his
every word hello my name is Frank Ropo
from nagon Lake Ontario my company the
sellers of nagron
Lake I'm here seeking an investment of
$250,000 $50,000 for a 50% interest in
the startup company together with a
$200,000 investment to be repaid back to
you by way of a royalty at 10% of
sales my
background go
ahead I just recently secured the
approval to construct design and
construct these absolutely amazing
inrock Subterranean Limestone cellers on
the scart in the heart of nigr
Lake Canada's Wine
Country we have an incredible site of
inrock limestone Wine
sellers this produces the absolute
premium conditions that one could ever
ask or require for the most highest
Investments you have the perfect
temperature and
humidity also very important is that
Subterranean means there's no
vibration there's no other site in
Canada that I'm aware of that has all of
these attributes can I just back it up
for a second so so the the investment is
for us to develop this land to make
sellers to build a
winery not to build a winery okay a
storage facility yes just to build a
storage facility
I I am the founder and co-owner of this
much larger site okay um we have not
launched anything we've just completing
the site plan approvals this gives you
an overall set
and that what is that housing correct it
is a future development of yes I'm going
to have to start billing you for my time
Frank you need to get to the point
they're tow houses Frank are they tow
houses they're tow houses and apartment
style condominiums in this setting so we
we're not investing in that that's
something you're doing that correct I am
spinning off separately in this case I
would be selling this new Corporation
this investment would be in interest in
all the sub Anan rights on this property
I have the ability to design up to
100,000 square ft of Sellers and then I
would okay okay your pitch should have
started with I want to build residential
Wine sellers in my block of real estate
yes but it's not just those who reside
here there get we get that okay yeah
there is the art of the pitch Frank the
art of the pitch here concise and to the
point thank you I believe I can generate
$5 million of project net income and I
believe that I can construct a seller at
$100 a square
foot I believe I can sell a seller at
approximately $200 a square
foot the desire and demand is there the
demand for this at $100 to $200 a square
foot I don't see this is not California
this is Niagara on the Lake Frank do you
have any people interested have you
pre-sold any um so it is a startup
Venture I just completed the site plan
approvals I have warehousing interest so
there's a second do you do you have
anybody interested ready to put up $200
a square foot to buy one um I have
interest from wineries for warehousing
that
is$ that's a different match the answer
is no I have not gone out into the
marketplace for investors I got that I
got that Frank just simply yes or no it
works a lot quicker here but it's okay
uh what year is it avel in complete in 3
years okay so 2019 and do you own it do
you own I I am a co-owner you're a
co-owner what what's a co-owner what
kind of percentage do you have I own 1%
1% of of the total master plan of course
I wish I own more there's no question oh
boy Frank I don't believe there is the
demand here and more importantly based
on the way your pitch is gone I don't
believe in your ability to sell these
units because it took us 15 minutes to
figure out what you were selling
I'm
out I guess the big concern I have Frank
is is I know that there's a lot of I
live in kaladan part time and there's a
lot of uh restrictions on building or
restrictions on moving uh dirt water
there's a whole bunch of restrictions
you can't do anything on 60% of one of
my uh 100 Acre land plots now the
escarment would have similar things in
cuz you would need to do some blasting
as well it is done I have everything
absolutely Blas is completed no we would
not be blasting we extract the Rock by
wire saw I want so we there's no way
this is happening $100 no way this is
happen $100 I have one of the premium
contractors everything you're saying
every person is questioning yes I I'm
stating to you that I am extracting
Limestone today at a cost of $100 a
square foot these sellers are at 16
Frank stick to your day job I'm
out
I'm stating to you that if there if a
wine maker wants or we we've heard the
pitch sure yes and I hear if if if if we
do this if we do that I don't imagine
that with all that size of that property
and I do a lot of developments that's a
20 year 25 year project I'm not going to
be around in 25 to reap the benefits by
any stretch
imagination and for that reason I'm
so yeah I I think it's it's kind of
strange how you're articulating this
whole concept you know the fact that
you're a lawyer and that you work in
words it's been very difficult to get
the story out in a concise manner and
probably because it is a little bit
difficult to think about how you're
going to build for 100 bucks a foot and
then again the demand side of it I don't
know if that's been proven out well
enough so based on all of that I'm going
to be
out as you can see the dragons are
dubious I I'm proposing in order to
reduce your risk in investment that we
don't construct 20 30,000 us I am
absolutely interest that's should came
through no no seriously you got to think
about should have came through there's
no guarantee this will complete this is
risk Capital it's not a loan correct or
you'd be at a bank no it's true so
transparency is the biggest thing that
you came out and did not do you had to
State the facts as they were if you
don't State the facts it leaves people
unsure on your credibility and unsure on
your capability for that reason I'm
out thanks
Frank why do lawyers think they become
developers CU they see how much money
people make other people can make if he
couldn't sell us an idea in less than 15
minutes how could he ever sell a unit
never
```