```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
hi sharks I'm Susannah I'm Kevin and
we're seeking four hundred thousand
dollars for a five percent equity stake
in our company Pluto pillow now I know
what you're all thinking another pillow
company well yes but thankfully here at
Pluto we do things differently see
Finding the perfect pillow can be so
amazing but finding the right pillow for
you can also be super hard here's how it
usually goes while shopping online
you're faced with an overwhelming number
of options that can be hard to compare
with one another and with tens of
thousands of search results how do you
know which would work best for you in
stores is it better to squeeze pillows
with your hands or should you awkwardly
place your head on the dirty display
pillows the answer is both suck well
with Pluto There's A Better Way Pluto is
a custom pillow company that custom
builds poles to you based on your body
stats how you sleep and what you like
here's how it works simply visit our
website fill out a quick questionnaire
tell us about your current pillow what
you like what you didn't like about it
then answer a few questions about your
personal preferences then all of your
data runs through our algorithm helping
us create the perfect pillow for you our
modular design allows us to create over
35 possible variations through our
Innovative process the best part while
there are a ton of pillows out there
nobody else does this even better our
customers love us so sharks before you
hit snooze which one of you will join us
in helping everyone get a good night's
sleep
all right sharks um right in front of
you in those really cool boxes are your
very own custom Pluto pillows now we had
to do some research to figure out what
we should craft for you we think these
make great starting out points so Mark
word around the league is that you
prefer Phil pillows over foam pillows
and you like your pillows to be really
soft so we made sure to craft that
squishy squishy squishy I like my pillow
squishy Daniel we heard how important
it is for your sleep products to be
hypoallergenic the good news is all of
our pillows are we crafted a pillow for
you that's both light and soft Mr
Wonderful we heard that you prefer fill
pillows over foam pillows so we've made
one for you that's just that but one
that never flattens Lori you tend to
heat up at night and you like more of a
medium firmness level and lastly Robert
lucky you you're exactly the same as Mr
Wonderful photos that you love thick
plushy fill pillows yours is a quilted
cover while cabins is a smooth so sharks
enjoy your out of this world Pluto
pillow Susanna I have a question that I
always assumed that there was actually a
better pillow for everyone are you
saying that that's not the case that
really truly there is no scientific pest
for everybody then there isn't so we
take your body stat sleep positions and
preferences so we know that like let's
say if you're a side sleeper you need
that like neck support for the neck to
shoulder tip ratio whereas like a
stomach sleeper it's better if you sleep
on a flat pillow but besides that we
also have empirical evidence we have
over 1.5 million data points that we
take into account of like what makes a
great pillow for you what do you mean by
those 1.5 million data points so we have
an algorithm on our site that every time
anyone goes on our website orders a
pillow we store this information and
then we look at other people who answer
similarly to that person and then we see
like exactly what kind of pillow would
be best for them with this data point
and this has actually led to a very low
return rate compared to the industry
average the industry average is 12.95
while ours is sub 8 and we did this in
two years break down the numbers for me
2018 197k when we first started 2019
473k and this year so far is 490k there
you go wow what's the average sales
price we saw our standard sizes for 95
how are you manufacturing so how this
works is if you guys open up your
pillows inside there's actually a foam
core and it's surrounded by a plush
outer cover so there's these two main
parts and through our questionnaire when
it goes to our algorithm the computer
actually decides like hey this person
needs this foam with that plush cover so
someone's in the facility picking yeah
put it together just two components and
variations of those two components two
components make over 35 variations that
feel really different one pillow you
sell it at 95 and then what does it cost
you including fulfillment and what is
your what do you have left so 95 18
shipping and it cost us 25 to 30 dollars
to make the pillow so forty three
dollars so you only have half about 50
margin yes so with that it's 50 to 60
just cost of goods sold so that's not a
big ratio it sounds like normally those
margin structure is not so good is there
a reason why because no matter how much
you grow if you gross margin out the
gate is bad you're just compounding the
problems why your gross margins not
healthy and that's why with like if we
could have a bigger size Warehouse to
order more materials we can get that
down to 20 to 25 instead of 25 to 30.
we're talking about a few dollars like
18 of your cost to shipping right tell
me a little bit about the back end
operations how big is the team so before
this year it was actually just us two we
boxed every pillow we answered all the
customers you guys did all the boxing in
the warehouse
and now we have we hire two pillow
Builders
um we have Pillow Builders yeah and we
have someone who is full-time on
customer service 
```