```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_1.txt
hello sharks my name is Kevin Lane and
I'm Lori Lane from New Milford
Connecticut we are seeking 350
000 for 10 equity in our company create
a castle
[Music]
hours and hours and hours ignoring his
family building the most elaborate sand
castles but it's impossible to build a
real sand castle using a traditional
fill and flip buckets the wet sand
sticks in the bucket even at its best it
just looks boring that's why we invented
no time at all just Buckle it pack it
unbuckle it and well
create a castle
our Pro kit includes a 10 inch cylinder
for the base a core bolt to add a new
level of intricacy a stackable six inch
piece for additional height a ridge
Battlement brick form to add to the
towers and a window cutter to etch out
elegant windows then sit back relax and
enjoy the admiration of everyone on the
beach so sharks who wants to create an
empire with us bringing families
together one castle at a time with
Castle
I have six kids I'm a mom and bonus mom
to six kids okay so we spend a lot of
time on the beach and I love this is
there anything like this out there
because I feel like I've seen something
similar nothing like this we're unique
in the fact that we split so the mold
split in half but they also are
stackable and the right kind of sense
you build an entire Castle how long does
that take that took me under two hours
wow
wow I see it do you want to tell us
about that yes so go ahead we have yeah
we have 12 patents worldwide 12 12. it
does your patent you believe that
protects humans anybody who wants to
start splitting there we have broad
coverage it scales up and down that's
why we're going down into the indoor
line now as well all right guys look
this is a very very seasonal product
it works in the snow
Yeah so it does it works year round we
figured that out the first year we did
it and you can stack like crazy Elsa's
castle
in a winter but what else yeah so guys
what are the price ranges what's the
least and what's the most
what's your landed cost on the little
one is landed at two dollars the pro kit
that cost us 9.45 so what did you sell
last year you're imputing a value of a
3.5 million on this last year we did 600
000 and then this year we are doing
three million three million wait a
minute whoa how did that
we let's go Canada as well as Sam's Club
on the 600 000 in sales last year what
did you make on them we were actually
negative a hundred thousand we lost
money last year why and that was really
due to the shipping cost we're like 5x
what we had budgeted because of covet
yeah like we used to get a container in
for you know four to six thousand and
you know a couple of our containers last
year were 25 000. and the three million
in sales including the Costco and Sam's
Club ordered what do you think you'll
make on that this year we're gonna make
about 300 000. what is your margin to
Costco then the margin we made about
um 27 to 32 percent so that's part of
your challenge yeah
okay what are you looking for help for
because right now it looks like you are
scaling really well I honestly need a
reduced cost but what else are you
looking for I think mostly we need you
know with the the capital that we're
asking for to invest into more product
and we just need expertise we've made so
many mistakes and we're expanding into a
whole we want to open up a whole
licensing version a what a licensing
version did you say Damon oh you're
looking for 350 000 I'm gonna assume
that's primarily for inventory and
you're trying to figure out the Costco
order translating into a U.S Costco
order correct there's a lot of people
yeah are you sure that you can make
money off of that order yeah not
necessarily I mean we've learned a lot
getting into the big box money on the
Costco order because they're going to
ask you for some co-op advertising as
well right for that and markdown yeah
right yeah we you know we know they have
the right to return the last 15 of it
yes
impacted your 27 margins even worse yes
yeah guys I think I think too much of an
emphasis on sales rather than profits
every entrepreneur gets really hyped by
doing business with big box retailers
but the reality is it's just gonna take
more and more cash like you found out
and so you know chasing margin and
profits is good chasing sales in my mind
particularly in these uncertain days is
bad and so for those reasons amounts
guys look guys let me tell you where I'm
at I'm looking at the business models
because strictly as an investment
anytime it's 350 000 that's serious
Capital I'm not even going to beat you
up in the 3.5 million valuation although
I should it's in my DNA to do that and
I'm going to hold back because I'm under
anger management this year so at the end
of the day uh it's not investable yet
because the business model isn't nailed
down my sense is to dump the low end
completely raise the prices 30 sell only
on your own website direct otherwise
you're never going to make any money I'm
out
listen I don't agree with what he just
said
I think is excellent and I have always
found I like to make products for the
masses I like to make things where
everybody can afford and enjoy it but I
think for me it's not something that I
want to invest in I don't invest in
everything that I like you're doing
everything right and I wish you good
luck but I'm up
I absolutely love this product it brings
me joy and I love to your price point
and I actually totally disagree with
Kevin I think you want a balance of
wholesale and Retail now coming from a
retailer myself who sells an omni
Channel I sell wholesale ISO direct to
Consumer online and I have my own retail
stores I think you can do it very
thoughtfully now some of the discount
retailers I will agree with Kevin can
absolutely kill you so being thoughtful
about where you go but I think you've
got a home run I'm going to give you an
offer I'm going to give your 350 000 but
I don't think your valuation's 3.5
million you lost a hundred thousand
dollars last year so I don't see the 3.5
but I do see that there's going to be
great potential and opportunity
I'd like to give you 350 000 for 20
percent
I think I can help you with that Omni
Channel which I do think is going to
help you build the business the way you
want to build it
awesome
wait wait wait
hold on
I like this but Mark has a valid point
you know this is going to be your
personal decision right do you uh raise
the price stay online and you know net
more or if you want to go big do you
bring in a shark and you go big but if
you go big it's a huge cash sock massive
so I'm only interested in this for the
licensing aspect
that's a personal decision but I will
give you the 350 000 for 25 and
Licensing is the key you know what I
disagree with Damon I don't think this
is just a licensing play and I don't see
why you guys can't be the next big toy
manufacturer so that's what I want to do
I want you to dream big and I think I
can help you get by the way when I say
dream big I'm talking about dreaming big
do you guys ever work together with the
licensing
I would love the Workwear but in this
area I'm the most successful licensing
guy up here that's my area and I'm a
brand Builder I built my own brand right
from the ground up out of my extra
bedroom
for you they said no they don't want to
work together what do you want to do
you can counter
foreign
would you be interested at 15 percent
I'd like to stay at 20. okay
I'm gonna let you make the call she
makes a decision
I respect both of you got all of you
guys anyways absolutely
but I think we're gonna go with Kendra
oh my God
thank you guys thank you sorry Damon
thank you so much
one of the reasons we went with Kendra
is from the get-go when we walked in
there she was so excited about the
products and totally was invested in us
and you know talked about the beach and
our kids so we knew she would be the
perfect fit for us
products
I love it and I'm gonna use it with my
kids that's that's a massively that's
I mean I just I just think I think
they're a bad judging character
I'm gonna go try to build it back up oh
go ahead
```
```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_2.txt
next into the tank is a couple hoping to
wrap up a deal for their low calorie
SuperFood
hi sharks my name is in Wang my name is
Melissa kalalawang and we're from New
York sticky 300 000 for three percent
equity of our company
sharks let's talk about something
important tacos everyone loves tacos but
my doctors say I can't eat tacos every
day
because of the calorie-laden tortilla
and switching to lettuce wraps uh no
they break apart whenever you pick them
up and they just don't taste great only
there was something that combined the
nutritional benefit of a lettuce wrap
and the functionality of a traditional
tortilla well now there is say hello to
pick her ass a crisp and refreshing
tortilla alternative made from thin
slices of fresh jicama pick a what
okay it's hit the man a member of the
league of superfoods the pickles are a
hero ingredient because it truly is a
superfood it's super low calorie super
low carb super high fiber I wonder if
it's superpowers it's improving gut
health
compared to a tortilla which contains
100 calories and 15 carbs our wraps are
only eight calories in one net carb per
wrap use them to skinny any Taco plus
they're perfectly round and pliable and
they're neutral taste pairs well with
any recipe so whether you're gluten-free
paleo keto Whole30 or just looking for a
healthier weight to make every day Taco
Tuesday you can say sia tortilla lettuce
do better with pick a wraps
sharks enjoy the hickamania hey go what
so we've got you guys have got samples
of our jicama tacos we've got samples of
our Hickman sticks with cilantro lime
seasoning and our hicka de gallo the
hika de gallo is our pico de gallo with
jicama in it can I can I get one without
the stuff and I just want to taste the
actual tortilla I mean
a pleasant tasting slime slightly sweet
root I actually have jicama taco recipes
in my last cookbook oh you do how much
do you sell it for what does it cost to
make so we make it for 1.85 we sell it
to retail for 2.99 and it's on shelf for
4.99 and how many do I get in that
package so you have about 15 wraps per
package each wrap is actually about 30
cents you're gonna pay 28 cents for a
regular tortilla like this and a
grain-free tortilla like a cassava or an
almond flour tortilla you're paying over
a dollar a lot of times for that kind of
a tortilla so it's very reasonably
priced I see as a trend in the wellness
world grain free is becoming a huge
thing first it was gluten free and now
it's like full on grain free so people
are not even having rice or quinoa
they're they're really moving into this
category so I understand why it's
getting traction for sure hey are you
making any money do you have any profits
so we started the company in 2015 and we
launched with a different product it was
a jicama chip and the jicama chip we got
you 500 000 in sales the issue was we
were competing in the salty snacks
category and we were competing with
large Giants and we were losing so much
money we got to the point where we only
had 300 in our bank account and seventy
thousand dollars of credit card debt we
literally Airbnb at her house just to
survive we sold our car we sold
everything so we pivoted in 2019 from
our jicama chips to Fresca jicama so in
2019 just one year sales one million
dollars wow 2020 4 million dollars 2021
5 million this year we're doing six
million dollars wow okay this year in
terms of profits about 400 000 about the
same as last year our profits are a
little down this year because we've been
putting a lot of our money and resources
into actually building our own
self-manufacturing capacity where are
you manufacturing the jicama products
are processed and sourced in Mexico
Mexico is actually the only country that
grows jicama commercially so we like to
put our manufacturing very close to the
source and how long does it stay fresh I
mean they package it in Mexico and ship
it and yeah so our shelf life is 19 days
which is actually two to three times
what normal uh fresh cut processors will
get on jicama because we really optimize
the packaging to extend that shelf life
what national retail as you enter
Grocers some of the retailers that we're
in are Whole Foods sprouts and we
actually have a big push into Food
Services here with Cisco we're actually
being pushed into all of their
distribution centers so that's a great
thing for a food service how many stores
are you in so that's 700 doors and that
leads to 6 million in sales
they're very popular yes can I ask you a
question three hundred thousand for
three percent I think that imputes a 10
million valuation you're going to make
four hundred thousand dollars you're
asking for a 25 multiple the stock
market currently the entire s p the
trillion dollar market capitalization
trades at 17 and a half who is going to
pay you 25x for this like I mean let's
be realistic well we did come in here
asking for two times our sales so
actually this year we're going to do 6
million next year we're going to do 9
billion at the end of the day it's what
you make and you're making thin margins
in a food category no one is going to do
this deal at three percent not here not
anywhere Well we'd love to hear some
offers from you guys if you want to
increase the percentage we're more than
how however with an offer sure all right
I'll give you three hundred thousand
dollars for 10
but I like a pro rat a share of what you
earn from a business okay so therefore
if you're taking out ninety dollars you
handing me ten dollars okay I'll save
you some time look I'm the hiccup is
good because I'm starving I'm not a huge
jicama fan so for those Reasons I'm out
yeah thank you so much thank you Mark I
appreciate that I'm gonna follow Mark on
this one I I'm sorry I love you jicama
man you're adorable I love jicama the
product is fantastic but for me I make
this myself at home so you buy the whole
jicama you peel it you use it so for
that reason I'm out
I like kick them I like what you're
doing I believe that you are completely
in the right space at the right time
doing the right thing I think it's a
great business for you I don't think
it's the right business for me I wish
you good luck but enough okay thank you
Lori you're killing jicama man over here
you know you have an offer from
so in terms of the uh percentage
um are you willing to do uh the 300 000
for
um
five percent
no I wouldn't I would have to stay with
the ten percent I'll do it for nine
percent just to make it interesting for
Barbara okay and then you get Chef
wonderful just squeezing her ikeoma a
little bit okay and pro rat a deal for
Kevin as well oh absolutely otherwise
you never get your Capital back
are you guys willing to do uh seven
definitely not not for me no I pointed
out what you've done you valued your
business in an extraordinary multiple
I'm a multiple guy I'm a financial
services guy I do a lot of private
Equity deals you would not get that deal
in the world today other than the money
what is it you're looking for in a shark
partner as we mentioned before we have
the manufacturing setup but we need help
in sales and marketing I can open up the
doors at grocery because I have so many
other products in there he's honestly
she's talking her book I know what I do
well I do sales and marketing that's how
I became rich in the first place
I know better than anyone else I can
certainly deliver the same social
marketing as Mr Wonderful who thinks
he's much more wonderful than he
actually is okay
because he's an overstater you want the
truth the only reason she's here is I
bought her new broom this year and I'm
going to tell him where to shove that
room any minute
you guys have to make a decision you got
two offers Barbara would you consider
three hundred thousand dollars for six
percent and then two percent in advisory
shares we'll have about one more percent
in advisory shares three percent
advisory shares total of nine percent
yes I would actually just to beat him
what would you guys like to do so
Barbara
You've Got A Deal congrats guys that's
smart really smart move congrats Barb
thank you very much
it was Barbara I can't believe this
isn't
```
```
SharkTankS11E14_pitch_3.txt
I mean we've been watching Shark Tank
forever now so
dream of my lifetime
Justine and Adrian the wife and husband
team behind the Louisville today we're
seeking a 250 000 investment in exchange
for five percent equity in our company
wow sharks we're here to get you hooked
on crochet
our company is we make fun simple kits
that teach you how to crochet but
instead of a boring pot holder you'll
learn how to make adorable characters
like here penguin and Felix the fox Fred
thezino and Sebastian the lion each kit
comes with step-by-step videos that
teach complete beginners how to crochet
our secret we're not just a crochet
company we see ourselves as an education
company too we've seen that something
magical happens when people learn a new
skill it's about confidence so sharks
who's ready to wobble with us
super cute super cute what you have in
front of you is both the kit and an
example of the Wubble that you would
make with this kit and if you open up
the pouch then you'll see our easy peasy
yarn and then most importantly there's a
card inside of the pouch that has the
link in a QR code that brings you to our
website tutorial our customers will
follow to learn how to make that wubble
what is the
age start for this so most people look
at our product and think that it's for
kids but most of our customers are
actually adults buying it for themselves
and what do you sell these for and what
do they cost you to make landed they're
three dollars we wholesale for 15 and we
retail for 30. how do you sell them over
90 of our sales are direct to Consumer
straight from our website wow did you
crochet in the first place before I
started the woodballs I used to lead
user experience for Google classroom and
I spent the bulk of my career as a ux
designer working on education products
and I love my job I was great at it I
was so great that they made me a manager
and it turns out I sucked at being a
manager
to take my mind off of work I started
dabbling in all these other hobbies and
crochet was one of those things and
learning to crochet reminded me that I
still have it in me to learn something
new that I could try to become a better
manager and so that experience of really
building back my confidence through
crochet is why we started this I want to
share that experience are you still like
Google oh no no no this is a 100 full
time full time for both of you yeah yeah
your background from a really young age
I've been taught that success means
getting good grades going to a good
school and getting a really high paying
job and that's exactly what I did so I
became one of the youngest directors on
Wall Street I traded billions of dollars
in equity wow but I wasn't any happier
at the end of it than when I started and
when I began to realize was that I had
spent all that time working towards
someone else's definition of success and
so I left it all behind to go and try
and figure out what my own definition of
success is I knew from a really young
age that I really liked helping people
and then when we started thinking about
crochet kits what's really neat about it
is that it is that confidence boost
sometimes as we get older it kind of
stopped learning new things you start
saying things like you know I'm too old
to learn that and so what brings me joy
with these kids is that they're a little
confidence boost to remind you that you
can always learn something new so
exactly two years ago we started this
business we took two hundred dollars we
bought some yarn and we bought a domain
name and since then we've done 5.3
million dollars
wow for you what that's incredible here
in a date we've gone 3.1 million and if
we assume that we've just stopped
growing from this point on out we'll do
seven million dollars this year okay
your direct consumer which means you're
doing a lot of online advertising so so
tell us what your cost to acquire these
revenues are what your gross margins are
and what your net margins are yeah so we
spent about 20 percent of our revenue on
Advertising okay that's not bad it costs
us a blended cack of 16 the average
order value is around 57 okay wow they
order one kit or more than one kid so
that's about two kids then you're making
a lot of money so 86 percent gross
margin 32 percent uh net margin Lifetime
and 38 year-to-date great margins so why
do you need 250 I mean you're killing it
we're here for three reasons we're here
for a licensing wholesale and mentorship
when it comes to licensing when a
customer finishes the kit the first
thing they think is I need to get
another kit and they start asking us
where's baby Yoda do you have any Disney
characters where are the Marvel
characters at guys how did you arrive at
your evaluation that you presented we
know our valuation is very low
um it's low because it's very low
because we are here to make a deal
we can learn so much from this group of
people in this room and the way we see
it we have two huge opportunities ahead
of us we haven't even begun to talk
about wholesale but licensing and
wholesale we think can drive this brand
to the next level we want to go to
retail we want to go to retail because
they have enough margin yeah we've we've
done a test order so now we get a little
more about what what the mission really
is is the basis or the mechanism for
that learning in Your Vision always
going to be crochet meaning is the next
product that you have coming a
non-crochet or some other form yes the
the key to our business is the learn to
part what we apply it to can change but
right now we are 100 focused on so for
the foreseeable future it's crochet kids
exactly I like the steel okay because it
has something I love called Cash Flow
and so I see it this way I think I can
reduce your costs of acquiring customers
by around eight to ten percent number
two I can definitely help you with
licensing been there done that with lots
and lots of Brands I also think I can
help you with some other interesting
ideas in the fashion world with this
stuff okay the Fashion World
you want to hear the offer or not
to the 250
000 for 10 Equity coming from you Mr
Wonderful I expected to hear the words
you have cash flow would it be okay if
we just heard that if any of the other
sharks are interested I would definitely
I'll give you 300 000 for the same 10
thank you I love this I'm gonna make you
an offer
I'm going to go 300 000 for 10 percent
I I understand all of this I mean I've
been in this market so much and I know
how to get all the things you talked
about from the licensing to the retail
stores I think you should be everywhere
and fast
because you are something that could
really take off
that's our mission we want to spread the
joy and confidence of learning something
new I'm going to give you 350 000. we're
10.
300 000 for eight percent
okay this mentoring is going to be worth
it
guys you understand all the offers right
you got to make a decision
hold it a second just hold it a second
thank you
all sharks are still in and there's a
bidding war between Barbara Kevin and
Laurie for Adrian and Justine's highly
profitable crochet kit business the
wubbles I'm going to give you the 350 or
5 that's how much I believe in your
business you are sitting on a rocket but
you have to let me know right away
because I'm being a fool here bidding
against myself would you consider adding
another shark to your offer I'll do it
was Mark come on
I was 300 for eight you don't need I can
do this all alone we've read your book
and we know we've seen what you've been
able to do I think that if you would
team up with another shark
what was the amount you gave us 350 the
350 for six percent
Robert are you going to do anything here
well I'm trying to get a word in here
it's hard
saying how can I get a piece of this
make an offer
I'd love to be involved so we're going
to give you 450 for six percent
nasty move two of us together guys you
understand all the offers right you got
to make a decision should we take a
moment yes we can you can
okay
I'm not sure that's just let's just try
Okay so
each shark offers a lot of different
value in different areas and where we
think in the short term that we can
really get the most help is with Mark
and Laurie
I want to let you know that like you
mean so much to me but but for the
company I think
that's what they want to do 450 000 six
you guys got a deal
oh I've had it now
good job you guys are we skipping sure
yeah
Mark and Larry when I try to get sharks
we did not prepare for that scenario at
all
worked out it was
it was he moved to
try to break up Barbara and Mark and
Lori in there
and we're glad that it worked out
the deal I was pushing it for the deal
you were my partner I never for a moment
thought you would throw me out of the
bus and go with Lori I really feel like
the school of running Robert knew right
that's the difference I knew Lauren
Lori Bus
```